the thing that jumps out of you here is
that we have whole convoys of Aid
stranded in Egypt for weeks and yet now
everybody's talking about this this
trickle of Aid coming in Via Maritime
route yeah well I mean this is a little
bit nonsense everybody already mentioned
how difficult is technically to to do
that they announce that the a ship is
already leaving a port in in Cyprus and
the port is not there so when they are
going to build the port it's a little
bit uh tricky to to claim that the the
the a will will arrive in the coming
days so in the meantime they have to use
air drops to to reach the people I think
what what is interesting to to point out
here is that for the first time the
European Union the UK and the United
States are showing together their
frustration about the the lack of um uh
compliance on the Israeli side to
guarantee that the civilians are not
going to be affected or are not getting
affected by by this five months late yes
five months less but at least they they
are giving a very strong message to
Israel that this is the only way we can
H enter the with help with Aid to these
people because you are not allowing to
do it whether they should on the other
hand pressure Israel to open the Border
simply this is something different maybe
we are going to reach to that point when
this idea of the p is discarded what's
interesting because the UK foreign
minister David Cameron as we were
talking about earlier he's saying that
well the port Biden's Port is going to
take ages exactly so Israel needs to
open up ashdod the port of ashdod and
that means the a was be going through
Israel I mean you know it's so
complicated most probably this idea will
be discarded in in the few days when
they realize that this not possible and
then when they realize that they need as
everybody mentioned the agreement from
the Israeli government and it will be
managed by Israel so nothing is going to
change at the end of the day Israel is
preventing Aid to enter through Rafa is
going to stop the the a entering for
from the sea as well do you think
there's a subtext here about un's role
that it could diminish the role of of
the Palestinian refugee agency I mean
Israel doesn't want it around at all
does it could be I mean the the the UN
agency has gender fire since a long time
ago I mean the the Israelis are keep
even attacking people that they are
contributing to to the United Nations
agency even though they are governments
I mean the the the same members of the
United Nation that they contributing to
the effort of the unra however Israel
keeps saying that these people that they
support unra is terrorist supporting
terrorism which is totally uh uh trying
to discard absolutely unra in providing
any kind of official support to the
people but providing individual support
that is showing on the other hand that
United States is caring about what is
going on there I mean what Kimberly said
about the the campaign is very clear
since the very beginning it's not very
timely for for Biden this this crisis
since the very beginning we see how
Democrats poter are changing their their
view about the conflict and how this
primary elections are showing that in
December we will see that these people
that they did the vote uncommitted they
might not go to vote they will not vote
to to to Trump maybe but they will not
vote for Biden meaning that the
participation will be lower and Trump
will win right what will also not Escape
voters you would think is this kind of
crazy contradiction of assisting passage
of a to help Palestinians while still
providing weapons to kill them exactly I
mean this is happened couple of weeks
ago when uh Biden was for the first time
or Kamal har was criticizing or saying
very strong word for the first time
Biden was pushing the Congress to uh
give
an emergency aid financially to Israel
to continue the war so of course they
need to show on one hand that they did
not stop the support I mean that the
state of the nation discourse was clear
he was recognizing the 30,000 but he was
still claiming that the the blame is on
the inian side therefore they cannot I
mean Biden also needs the support from
the the Israel Lobby to continue his
campaign now in the primary and also in
the in the presidential campaign
interesting Luciana appreciate that
thanks very much indeed for taking us
through Lucian zakara in the studio
thank you